STSMACOM-828 - Extend ViewMetadata component to accept a render function as a prop (#1467)
folio-org/stripes-smart-components: lib/ViewMetaData/readme.md

| `metadata`   | `object`        | Object with user ids and dates.                                                                        |
| `systemId`   | `string`        | Property to determine if user is system. Optional property. If not passed system will not be rendered. |
| `systemUser` | `object | node` | Optional property. By default renders "System".                                                        |

> | `children`   | `func`          | Optional property. The child function that accepts the render props. By default renders MetaSection component.                                           |

Reviewer: A small language adjustment for consistency with the way that other render prop patterns are documented...

```suggestion
| `children`   | `func`          | Optional property. The child function is provided an object with `lastUpdatedBy` so that presentation can be customized. If no child function is provided, `<ViewMetaData>` renders a `<MetaSection>` component.                                           |
```
